{'title': 'YouTube', 'description': 'Get the official YouTube app on Android phones and tablets. See what the world is watching -- from the hottest music videos to what’s popular in gaming, fashion, beauty, news, learning and more. Subscribe to channels you love, create content of your own, share with friends, and watch on any device.\r\n\r\nWatch and subscribe \r\n● Browse personal recommendations on Home\r\n● See the latest from your favorite channels in Subscriptions \r\n● Look up videos you’ve watched, liked, and saved for later in Library \r\n\r\nExplore different topics, what’s popular, and on the rise (available in select countries)\r\n● Stay up to date on what’s popular in music, gaming, beauty, news, learning and more\r\n● See what’s trending on YouTube and around the world on Explore\r\n● Learn about the coolest Creators, Gamers, and Artists on the Rise (available in select countries)\r\n\r\nConnect with the YouTube community\r\n● Keep up with your favorites creators with Posts, Stories, Premieres, and Live streams\r\n● Join the conversation with comments and interact with creators and other community members\r\n\r\nCreate content from your mobile device\r\n● Create or upload your own videos directly in the app \r\n● Engage with your audience in real time with live streaming right from the app\r\n\r\nFind the experience that fits you and your family (available in select countries)\r\n● Every family has their own approach to online video. Learn about your options: the YouTube Kids app or a new parent supervised experience on YouTube at youtube.com/myfamily\r\n\r\nSupport creators you love with channel memberships (available in select countries)\r\n● Join channels that offer paid monthly memberships and support their work\r\n● Get access to exclusive perks from the channel & become part of their members community\r\n● Stand out in comments and live chats with a loyalty badge next to your username\r\n\r\nUpgrade to YouTube Premium (available in select countries)\r\n● Watch videos uninterrupted by ads, while using other apps, or when the screen is locked\r\n● Save videos for when you really need them – like when you’re on a plane or commuting\r\n● Get access to YouTube Music Premium as part of your benefits', 'descriptionHTML': 'Get the official YouTube app on Android phones and tablets. See what the world is watching -- from the hottest music videos to what’s popular in gaming, fashion, beauty, news, learning and more. Subscribe to channels you love, create content of your own, share with friends, and watch on any device.<br><br>Watch and subscribe <br>● Browse personal recommendations on Home<br>● See the latest from your favorite channels in Subscriptions <br>● Look up videos you’ve watched, liked, and saved for later in Library <br><br>Explore different topics, what’s popular, and on the rise (available in select countries)<br>● Stay up to date on what’s popular in music, gaming, beauty, news, learning and more<br>● See what’s trending on YouTube and around the world on Explore<br>● Learn about the coolest Creators, Gamers, and Artists on the Rise (available in select countries)<br><br>Connect with the YouTube community<br>● Keep up with your favorites creators with Posts, Stories, Premieres, and Live streams<br>● Join the conversation with comments and interact with creators and other community members<br><br>Create content from your mobile device<br>● Create or upload your own videos directly in the app <br>● Engage with your audience in real time with live streaming right from the app<br><br>Find the experience that fits you and your family (available in select countries)<br>● Every family has their own approach to online video. Learn about your options: the YouTube Kids app or a new parent supervised experience on YouTube at youtube.com/myfamily<br><br>Support creators you love with channel memberships (available in select countries)<br>● Join channels that offer paid monthly memberships and support their work<br>● Get access to exclusive perks from the channel &amp; become part of their members community<br>● Stand out in comments and live chats with a loyalty badge next to your username<br><br>Upgrade to YouTube Premium (available in select countries)<br>● Watch videos uninterrupted by ads, while using other apps, or when the screen is locked<br>● Save videos for when you really need them – like when you’re on a plane or commuting<br>● Get access to YouTube Music Premium as part of your benefits', 'summary': 'Enjoy your favorite videos and channels with the official YouTube app.', 'summaryHTML': 'Enjoy your favorite videos and channels with the official YouTube app.', 'installs': '5,000,000,000+', 'minInstalls': 5000000000, 'score': 4.1058846, 'ratings': 100439370, 'reviews': 37126923, 'histogram': [14184114, 3756501, 6407116, 8984202, 67107437], 'price': 0, 'free': True, 'currency': 'USD', 'sale': False, 'saleTime': None, 'originalPrice': None, 'saleText': None, 'offersIAP': False, 'inAppProductPrice': None, 'size': 'Varies with device', 'androidVersion': 'Varies', 'androidVersionText': 'Varies with device', 'developer': 'Google LLC', 'developerId': '5700313618786177705', 'developerEmail': 'ytandroid-support@google.com', 'developerWebsite': 'https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/2422554?rd=1', 'developerAddress': '1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View 94043', 'privacyPolicy': 'http://www.google.com/policies/privacy', 'developerInternalID': '5700313618786177705', 'genre': 'Video Players & Editors', 'genreId': 'VIDEO_PLAYERS', 'icon': 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/lMoItBgdPPVDJsNOVtP26EKHePkwBg-PkuY9NOrc-fumRtTFP4XhpUNk_22syN4Datc', 'headerImage': 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/vA4tG0v4aasE7oIvRIvTkOYTwom07DfqHdUPr6k7jmrDwy_qA_SonqZkw6KX0OXKAdk', 'screenshots': ['https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/8AL1NgPKQQ6HIeoIi4T0rro7N0lar315QIlGTzjFtOcBT1tdXjE3ERmADq7AIcmpHg', 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/pMASxj8kBdFtDOeaHQ2vI4_MoLFlI0CCTjeTuXugQVBdGIEbLebkivMRgkt1wcflyKTc', 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/ME9wnEnvfOTVM6fTZQydbP8UqRlKP2alE_YTa9XhUPYJrQUuCmJPVtrf8zBtI0DNqQs', 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/40q_tzL9hHJygKiMEk2zxrKTqAbDOXd6e8oMTzEyB8P2OA80r0tZTCtw_8bNouxFvkU', 'https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/SeFEWZcb5W7r8aaJapupfUhwStxcjqbSnYYiEoIcvqY27Yy4ymwRKPBcc0pXb9U5_zY'], 'video': None, 'videoImage': None, 'contentRating': 'Teen', 'contentRatingDescription': None, 'adSupported': True, 'containsAds': True, 'released': 'Oct 20, 2010', 'updated': 1620442994, 'version': 'Varies with device', 'recentChanges': 'For new features, look for in-product education & notifications sharing the feature and how to use it!', 'recentChangesHTML': 'For new features, look for in-product education &amp; notifications sharing the feature and how to use it!', 'comments': ['Excellent app. Most of my free time is spent on this app. Very useful for educational as well as entertainment purposes. The interface is highly intutive and easy to use. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because YouTube giving double ads before a video. One ad at a time is fine, but one 10 second ad followed by another 10 second ad seriously gets annoying. Seriously just tone down the double ad thing and you will be fine.', 'Up until recently, I was able to pause, advance to the next video or go back by using the track forward/backward button on a Bluetooth connected device (Bluetooth speaker or hesdset for instance). Now, with this update, I can no longer do this and have to select the forward or previous button on my phone itself. Why was this feature removed? It was very convenient before.', "I feel like youtube is getting worse and worse each update. it is great, I can still watch videos and stuff but... there are a lot of glitches that I experienced recently. one of the glitches are if I swipe downwards, it goes the opposite way, another glitch is where I tried downloading a video but the download bar won't go up when I have decent internet. there are way more glitches that I have encountered and I can't mention them all here. all I want is for the app to improve.", "I'm gonna be as honest as possible, this app is alright, I've used it for years and absolutely no issues at all, a few ads here and there, one at a time, but recently, it's terrible, as all the time, two at a time, doesn't even tell me there's gonna be another one and every minuite or less, there's 2 ads that are 10-15 seconds long, good content from the people, but being way too pushy about premium, youtube used to not care about money that much but now that's all they care for. I could go on.", "This app is really, really good but the next video button is right next to the play button. When I tap the screen to get rid of the GUI I keep skipping the video. I think the skip feature isn't used that much anyway, so maybe moving it the top left and right and making it smaller would do the trick. Also I never use that feature, and I don't know if others are the same as me but it wouldn't cause too much controversy to change this.", "The new update came with lot of problems. The major one is, VIDEO QUALITY. Earlier we had the option of setting a particular resolution for all the videos. Now they've changed it to Auto, Higher and data saver. Based on the option we select it'll play according to the set standards. We don't have the option to set the particular resolution once and for all.", "Welp, now trying to edit the order of playlists causes the app to crash. Which is funny because the main reason i do it on YT is because it's broken on YT Music, just as it was on Google Play Music. Who would've thought the perhaps the largest tech company in the world is incompetent in making a product in which the features work as intended. And that's not to mention their obsession with reformatting everything around. I can't think of a single time I've been impressed by a Google product..", "So, I have to update it ALOT and it still freezes most of the time so it makes it harder. To watch vids. It used to be good with out having to update it every time there's a new update.still love the app. I just wish it wouldn't freeze no many how many times I update it. I can't get vids to okay most of the time. Please fix this it's getting annoying.", "I have zero problems with YouTube! The app is easy to use, easy on the eyes, and it's a great use of free time. I both watch videos and make my own, and I can't find any issues to complain about. I hope to see many more positives come from YouTube! Suggestion: it'd be cool to have a separate app created by the developers of YT: a video editing app!", "I'll update this rating when the issue is fixed. Where is my mini-video??? It's set to show. It doesn't come up at all now with the update. I have to take all these extra steps to pause, access the next video, etc. now. What's the point of having people chose to have the mini-player play over apps and then not show the mini-player it at all on the device screen?", "This app would get 5 stars if the people behind would figure out a way to place ads in more logical places. It can be so annoying to be watching a video when an ad cuts in...and I do mean cuts in. Someone in a video will be talking and in the middle of a word, it cuts to an ad. If this were fixed, I'd be happy to give a 5 star rating.", "Very great app. Nothing wrong with it. Although there is one feature I think you should add. If you delete a playlist on it maybe you could have a button that says undo. I'm not saying it's not good cause you dont have that. It's just a suggestion. And maybe you could go on it whilst offline. Internet speed is a problem with YouTube aswell. Other than that perfect.", "Too good app, i would definately reate this app 5 stars, but for the last update, i can't.It is that whenever i click on any video, it gives the maximum picture quality to see it, and so all the time have to do the quality low because of internet usage, and many times i forgot to do so, and the internet usage quickly starts to increasing very much unesserily. So please do it like before( start another video in the same quality as set as the previous video). Or else it is very good app to watch.", "Horrible, what the hell have you guys done? The filter by upload date no longer works as it did, why are we now getting old videos from a year ago when you filter, you'd expect to see all searched videos based on upload date to show starting from at least a few hours ago not years ago, u guys need to change the filters back to the way it was, it's horrific! Not to mention the video quality settings, they're sad 😢 change it back to the way it was, the app is taking a step in the wrong direction!", 'Great app! I spend most of my free time watching videos in this platform, and I never get bored! However, I hope you remove the "no comments if you\'re under (age)". It\'s very annoying to see a very good video that was made by a pre-teen, or kid, but I can\'t comment saying how good the video was. Also, the "record a video for 10 minutes and you get more money if you\'re getting money" is very annoying. It\'s frustrating to see a YouTuber have a 10 minute video, just for money. Nothing else is bad.', 'The most recent update with the changes to video quality selection I think is awful. I generally prefer to watch videos in 720p, but "Auto" or "High" setting may change quality up to 4k. So, I need 5 taps to change video quality. This is uncomfortable. I also often use speed setting for video. 1.5x I use the most. Dear YouTube app devs, can you implement more comfortable UI for quality or speed selection? Or at least ability to select specific quality or speed in my profile settings. Thanks.', 'Overall it is perfect, but there is a small bug ("sometimes the autoplay button doesn\'t work properly") in this app. Sometimes after clicking on the button the value is not switched. And it is happening with the sound button on the autoplay mode ("playing video in home page without clicking it") too. Please take a close look into it.', 'I have a Premium account. For the past few weeks, when I open YouTube on my phone, tv or PC, nothing loads. No home, news, music. The only section that will load video content is subscriptions and library. If I clear cache and dont sign in to my PAID account then everything works. I emailed support, including log files, over a week ago and no response.', 'The new update about setting picture quality has ruined the experience all together. I have tried to set it up on Auto and every video starts with lower resolution. Changed it from Auto to Higher Picture Quality, still the same. For every video, I have to manually change the quality. And the average internet speed I get is between 250Mbps to 300Mbps, so internet is not the issue. Fix it please.', "They butchered this app. Now I am constantly having to manually raise the resolution on EVERY video, even though I have it set to choose the highest resolution, it never does on its own. I'm sure they intentionally did this to save their own bandwidth... As if they don't make enough money already.. Guess it's time to find a 3rd party app.", "Im a premium member and I can't see videos without the transport over the video, I is just so annoying, not so long ago you had an X in the right upper corner of the screen to Make the transport go away (I mean the play, pause, next, bottons that are over the video) but not anymore and It Is just imposible to watch any video This way. Really, please, do something to fix this or many of us will be quiting the membership. I have some screenshots where yo can see this, I could send them to you.", '1. Add option to play all videos at 1080p. (Instead of high low medium mode.) 2. No sound when bluetooth headset is connected. 3. Add option to zoom and pan on a video like MX player. 4. Add manual slider in short videos. 5. Add option to drag subtitles around on the screen. 6. All videos should play in mini player. 7. Some videos are not added to watch later. 8. Add sound equalizer. 9. Add option to connecting to TV in incognito mode.', "New update and still didn't fix video quality back to prior settings. I pay for premium access and yet you believe you can change the platform settings to what people like and the ease of use. I for one will be leaving the subscription and recommend other premium users to do the same until you use some common sense. Major SCREW-UP YouTube... fix this video quality rubbish you have created, its ridiculous, no longer able to select your own preferences with a simple click. Fix it, FIX IT FAST..!!!", "This app is great and I've used it for a long time. But when I skip an ad the video I'm watching shouldn't suddenly be distorted and rainbow colored with a zoomed in screen. (It's not the phone, it happened on my galaxy 9+ and my android A21) this happens very often and I usually just stop watching YouTube cause I know it'll do it again. Mobile app may not be as big as the website on pc but that doesn't mean you shouldn't update it and fix It's bugs cause the one I mentioned isn't the only one", 'What the heck is up with the quality?? It used to be so simple. Just 360p, 480p, 720p, 1080p whatever. Now you can\'t even decide what to pick because they\'re trying to be "cool" with the "high quality", "advanced", "data saving" bs. Just show the numbers. We have brains, we know what we want. You people are trying too hard and you\'re just making it worse', "Not sure what has been going on recently but accessing YouTube on & off since maybe Feb(?) has provided mixed results. There are times where the tabs just load forever or if they do error out it just says to try again later. It mostly happens when I first try opening the app but other times it will be after watching a video & then the app just stops working. I've been resorted to using my web browser to watch YouTube so I know it is app specific. I use a Samsung A50. Current Android version: 11", 'New update is total trash! Before the new video quality update, everything was simple and to the point. We had the control over the exact quality we want. Now its a total waste! Video does not play in high quality although selecting the high quality, it plays in random resolution. I donno why we need this update where everyone had the best control over the quality before.', "Few things: a scrolling glitch happens sometime when I try to swipe down and it gets really annoying because I have to turn off the app for it to go away. Also why change the video quality settings? I do not see any reason why there should be a change for it. I like to watch my videos in 720p, but now it keeps reverting back to 480p. It's becoming really annoying having to navigate the extra options everytime, and I do have Higher Picture Quality on... yet it always set back to 480p.", 'I would like a way to rate a video 1-5 stars or "rate per category" more than just thumbs up/down. for example, i tend to thumbs down videos with deceptive thumbnails, even if the video is awesome. im an enemy of false advertising. in situations like that, a thumbs Up/down isnt accurate. remember that vloggers are getting more creative in ways to "beat the system" with their advertising tactics. youtube should keep up with that.', "Tired of the endless ads, 2 and 3 just to start a video and now the abusive push to get us to pay them a subscription to watch YouTube videos on a playlist. Also, you can no longer tap on the video progress line to advance a video. You have to press and slide it across the bar. More than annoying and obviously so you can't skip ads in the middle of a video. I'm just over Google. I thought they were a good company, but they are as greedy as Apple and Facebook.", 'New video quality preferences settings are very bad. When I use mobile data, once if I select 720p it was set to that for next videos to come. Now if I select "High picture quality" it sets to 1080p, if I select "Data saver" it sets to 240p and if select "Auto" it sets to 1080p as I have a good cellular reception. It\'s irritating as I\'ve to set the preferred quality everytime. Make the "Advanced" options as default options like it was previously was. DON\'T FIX IT IF AIN\'T BROKEN.', "The loss of the tap function on the progress bar has made the mobile experience frustrating in the extreme. The ads have become excessive, and you may be served 60+ minute ads disguised as a video if the algorithm suspects you aren't actively watching. Edit: all issues are now worse. I'll be leaving bad reviews anywhere it is possible to review YouTube.", "New update screwed up being able to pause things remotely. I have multiple phones and it sometimes doesn't work on either of them. I have to hit pause and play on the video and then I regain the ability to pause it remotely. Then when I watch the next video I have to do it all over again. Also, my phones are a ZTE ZMax Pro on Android 6, and my Moto G Stylus runnig Android 11. And this includes pausing it remotely from a smart watch, wired headphones, and wireless earbuds. Hope this helps :D", 'It\'s good but I have started to encounter a glitch which basically says you can\'t go back to what you were watching before and just stop it with the "Small youtubers get adds but we don\'t pay them" thing. Good for entertainment. Now they have started a feature where you literally can\'t control your graphic settings on phone. Horrible feature. The options do nothing to change the graphics. Made it a lot worse.', "I've used YouTube for all kinds of things over the years. Educational and information. Tonight I'm watching a review of a piece of workout equipment and an ad starts with a kitten screaming. I dismissed the ad but I'm done with youtube. I dont need to see horror when I'm relaxing. The idea that they would allow something like that on their platform is disgusting. The people who do that have a special place in hell as does the person videotaping it. I'm out.", "In my settings, I've set videos to be played at the highest quality for both wifi and data, and yet the videos still play at 144p (especially live videos), even though there is 720p or higher available. I have to manually change it each time. Also there is nothing wrong with my signal, because after manual change, it stays in the highest quality. Please fix!", "Video stops all the time before it continues for a few seconds while audio and time still goes on. It is soo annoying. Moreover, there are too many ads and annoying ones especially. The ad under the video is always the same and even the same thing next to each other. And if that isn't bad enough already it translates english captions into German. Back in the day I changed my entire phone settings to English to prevent this but even this is not sufficient anymore. I am going crazy. I hate this.", "While watching a video in medium size window, the list of similar suggestions below don't slide up effectively. When I try to slide up, it immediately goes down. Even if I just keep my finger on it, the slides down on it's own. Please stop this. It's irritating always when I wish to see the list of similar videos. This issue is since pretty earlier and now it's unbearable.", "I think it's OK with this update on how we choose the video quality, but the problem is, Auto option always plays at 480p and higher quality option only plays at 360p, like wut? and please let us to set the default playback quality, now I constantly have to switch to 1080p manually, which is a waste of time and very annoying. I just want to watch videos at 1080p and my network is faster than just loading 1080p. Don't try to decide the video quality for us if can't do it right. Pls", "Bring back the old video quality settings. My preferred video quality was 360p for all videos but now I have to manually select for each video. There was no need for the unnecessary change of this perfect feature. I guess the devs at google ran out of creative thinking, there can't be any other good reason for changing this. Either revert to the old video quality options otherwise add the advanced option to default video quality settings."], 'editorsChoice': False, 'appId': 'com.google.android.youtube', 'url': 'https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.youtube&hl=en&gl=us'}